readme.md, before:

<!--
This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

# deno-npx

Use deno through npm | npx.

Supports v1.1.0+ of deno, including minor versions. Note that some package versions may not support
your OS. `deno-npx-apple-arm64` for instance will give an unsupported error up until v1.6.0 as that
is when support was added by the deno team. Currently, there are no deno binaries for windows or
linux arm64 builds.

This package has two components: The main package (`deno-npx`) and sub packages for individual
platform support (`deno-npx-apple-arm64`, etc). This offloads most of the work to npm and makes it
possible to run commands, when installed locally, directly through deno (not a node child process).

## Usage

Through npx directly:

```bash
$ npx deno-npx --version

# If you know your platform/arch (apple, windows, linux)/(x64, arm64)
$ npx deno-npx-windows-x64 --version

# Specify a deno version
$ npx deno-npx@1.1.0 --version
```

Install locally on a project:

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev deno-npx
```

```jsonc
// package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    // Uses the main package, through a node child process.
    "use-deno-npx": "deno-npx --version",
    // Both of these link directly to the underlying platfrom package installed
    // alongside deno-npx proper. They do -NOT- run deno through a node child
    // process and are preferred when running locally.
    "use-deno-platform": "deno-npx-platform --version",
    "use-deno": "deno --version"
  }
}
```

## Acknowledgement

This project was heavily inspired by [Yoshiya Hinosawa (kt3k)](https://github.com/kt3k)'s work on
[deno-bin](https://github.com/kt3k/deno-bin).

## License

deno-npx is provided under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/).

A copy of the MPLv2 is included [license.md](/license.md) file for convenience.

Commit message:

chore(readme): add a couple more notes/details

readme.md, after:

<!--
This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
-->

# deno-npx

Use deno through npm | npx.

Supports v1.1.0+ of deno, including minor versions. Note that some package versions may not support
your OS. `deno-npx-apple-arm64` for instance will give an unsupported error up until v1.6.0 as that
is when support was added by the deno team. Currently, there are no deno binaries for windows or
linux arm64 builds.

This package has two components: The main package (`deno-npx`) using npm optional dependencies and
the sub packages for individual platform support (`deno-npx-apple-arm64`, etc). This offloads most
of the work to npm and makes it possible to run commands, when installed locally, directly through
deno (not a node child process).

## Usage

Through npx directly:

```bash
$ npx deno-npx --version

# If you know your platform/arch (apple, windows, linux)/(x64, arm64)
$ npx deno-npx-windows-x64 --version

# Specify a deno version
$ npx deno-npx@1.1.0 --version
```

Install locally on a project:

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev deno-npx
```

```jsonc
// package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    // Uses the main package, through a node child process.
    "use-deno-npx": "deno-npx --version",
    // Both of these link directly to the underlying platfrom package installed
    // alongside deno-npx proper. They do -NOT- run deno through a node child
    // process and are preferred when running locally.
    "use-deno-platform": "deno-npx-platform --version",
    "use-deno": "deno --version"
  }
}
```

## Acknowledgement

This project was heavily inspired by [Yoshiya Hinosawa (kt3k)](https://github.com/kt3k)'s work on
[deno-bin](https://github.com/kt3k/deno-bin).

`deno-bin` is great but I wanted something that could use deno locally without going through a node
child process. I took the opportunity to do a couple other things I wanted to see as well: No
dependencies, built with deno, high test coverage, etc.

## License

deno-npx is provided under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/).

A copy of the MPLv2 is included [license.md](/license.md) file for convenience.
